[docs] Clarify that merely changing `extension` does not load `.md` f… (#49785)
vercel/next.js: packages/next-mdx/readme.md

})
```

> Optionally you can match other file extensions for MDX compilation, as by default only `.mdx` is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default MDX will only match and compile MDX files with the `.mdx` extension.
However, it can also be optionally configured to handle markdown files with the `.md` extension, as shown below:

```

module.exports = withMDX()
```

> The configuration above will load both `.md` and `.mdx` files. However, please note that even with this configuration in place, MDX will load `.md` files as Markdown (not as MDX) because by default it will auto-detect the type.
> If you want to load `.md` files as MDX content, you should in addition configure [the `format` option](https://mdxjs.com/packages/mdx/#optionsformat) and set it to `mdx`:
> 
> ```js
> // next.config.js
> const withMDX = require('@next/mdx')({
>   extension: /\.(md|mdx)$/,
>   options: {
>     format: 'mdx'
>   }
> })
> module.exports = withMDX()
> ```

Reviewer: I'd be cautious recommending people override how extensions are handled.
Markdown and MDX are related languages, but not interchangeable, treating them as interchangeable could cause confusion.

My suggestion above may help clarify the behavior around markdown handling.

For noting additional customization is possible, maybe something more generic like:

```suggestion
In addition, MDX can be customized with compiler options, see the [mdx documentation](https://mdxjs.com/packages/mdx/#compilefile-options) for details on supported options.
```
